## Introduction
Nonnegative Tucker decomposition (NTD) is a powerful tool for extracting features from tensor data. Sparse learning and multi-graph learning are two effective techniques used to improve the quality of features extracted by NTD. However, most existing methods only integrate either the sparse learning technique or the multi-graph learning technique into NTD, neglecting to take full advantage of both these techniques to further improve the feature extraction capability of NTD. To overcome this limitation, we propose a novel sparse and multi-graph regularized nonnegative Tucker decomposition (SMGNTD) method. Our method not only introduces a multiple graph structure as the graph regularizer for NTD, but also employs the $\ell_1$-norm regularization to promote the sparsity of the core tensor and factor matrices in NTD, thereby integrating both sparse learning and multi-graph learning into NTD and enhancing both feature extraction capability and interpretability. Furthermore, we develop an algorithm named the Proximal Alternating Linearized (PAL) algorithm to provide an efficient and practical convergent scheme for solving SMGNTD.  We further prove that the whole sequence generated by the PAL algorithm is globally convergent to a critical point and provide an analysis of the per-iteration complexity of our algorithm. The experimental results on six real-world benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms several state-of-the-art clustering methods.

This package contains code for the SMGNTD problem in the paper[<sup>1</sup>](#refer-id). 

## Matlab code
A toy example explains how to use this function. For "SMGNTD",  before running it, first add the toolbox 'tensortoolbox'[<sup>2</sup>](#refer-id) (www.tensortoolbox.org) to the running path of matlab, and then run the function '[main_Run_me.m](SMGNTD/main_Run_me.m)'. 


## Data
This code has built-in some data mentioned in our paper[<sup>1</sup>](#refer-id), and the rest of the data can be downloaded from the mentioned public website. 



## Reference
<div id="refer-id"></div>
[1] Nonnegative Tucker decomposition with graph and $\ell_{1}$-norm regularization for clustering

[2] Brett W. Bader and Tamara G. Kolda. 2006. Algorithm 862: MATLAB tensor classes for fast algorithm prototyping. ACM Trans. Math. Softw. 32, 4 (December 2006), 635–653. https://doi.org/10.1145/1186785.1186794
